# Report-tracker

  Report Tracker is simply a bug tracker that has much more to offer a business or organization. As a developer, I often find myself dealing with issues that keep occuring. Some of them I have encountered many times, so I develop a muscle memory for solving problems. Most of the time, I am encountering an issue that I know I have experienced before, but I cannot rememebr how to solve it, so I waste time re-searching a solution. Report Tracker allows users and administartors to track issues on their devices through a central database. Report tracker is just for tracking issues, it can track progress as well as a variety of other business use cases. It is built with Model-View-View-Model so that it may be easily ported to a different Operating System or mobile application. 
  
  The goal of Report Tracker is to allow system administrators or leaders a central database to follow up on project errors and progress, and also a direct line of communication from users to administrators that do not have the troubleshooting skills to solve their own problems. There is a central look up form that allows users to search the database for issues to research. 

  Currently, Report Tracker has a fully functional login and "create report" form. The Create Report form contains a textbox for the users Email Address, Phone Number, Date issue was discovered and a comment box where the user can type out what they are experienceing. It uses Swagger API to post and return login information and create report infomration to and from the database. Report Tracker currently operates using Probelm Steps Recorder, a program that I am currently researching an alternative to considering it only operates on Windows systems. PSR takes a screen shot upon every user click and packages all of the data into a zip file on the hard drive. In a live situation, PSR would start in the background when the user logs on (which is suppsoed to be when they arrive to work) and the zip file would be located in a hidden network share that is only accessible to admins for security reasons. When the user creates the report, PSR breifly stops to let the Administrator know where the stopping point was. If for whatever reason there is not an alternative option I can either create or implement into my project, Swagger API can recieve a series of screenshots that the user will take. Report Tracker has automatic email functionality that allows administrators to recieve an email when end users create a report. Once they recieve the email, they can open the PSR file and work on a solution to the users problem. The admins can also reach out to the user for more information via email. 
  
  The future of Report Tracker is bright. It is built in such a way that it can operate cross-platform and across operating systems, in an enviroment that may be using Mac, Linux or Windows. The SQL database it uses will be located in Microsoft Azure as to allow an organization the ability to operate in the cloud. The login form needs more work, and I am acively searching for an alternative to PSR. I am thinking of creating my own mouse-hook screenshot program that would have the same functionality as PSR. There is several changes coming very soon. 
  
  I will continue to update this with different changes that I implement. 
